Give me all cosmonauts.
In which country does the Ganges start?
When is the movie Worst Case Scenario going to be in cinemas in the Netherlands?
Which German cities have more than 250000 inhabitants?
Who was John F. Kennedy's vice president?
Who is the mayor of Tel Aviv?
How many students does the Free University in Amsterdam have?
What is the second highest mountain on Earth?
Give me all professional skateboarders from Sweden.
When was Alberta admitted as province?
To which countries does the Himalayan mountain system extend?
Give me a list of all bandleaders that play trumpet.
Which countries have more than ten caves?
What is the total amount of men and women serving in the FDNY?
Who produces Orangina?
Who is the Formula 1 race driver with the most races?
Give me all world heritage sites designated within the past two years.
Who is the youngest player in the Premier League?
Give me all members of Prodigy.
What is the longest river?
Does Breaking Bad have more episodes than Game of Thrones?
Give me all cars that are produced in Germany.
What were the main discoveries of the Mars rover Curiosity?
Give me all people that were born in Vienna and died in Berlin.
Is proinsulin a protein?
How tall is Michael Jordan?
What is the capital of Canada?
Who is the governor of Wyoming?
Do Prince Harry and Prince William have the same parents?
Who was the father of Queen Elizabeth II?
Which U.S. state has been admitted latest?
How many languages are spoken in Turkmenistan?
Butch Otter is the governor of which U.S. state?
Give me all movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Give me all actors starring in movies directed by William Shatner.
Are tree frogs a type of amphibian?
What is the birth name of Angela Merkel?
Give me all Methodist politicians.
How often did Jane Fonda marry?
Give me all Australian nonprofit organizations.
In which military conflicts did Lawrence of Arabia participate?
Who developed Minecraft?
What is the melting point of copper?
Give me all sister cities of Brno.
How many inhabitants does Maribor have?
Give me all companies in Munich.
How tall is Amazon Eve?
List all games by GMT.
Who founded Intel?
Who is the husband of Amanda Palmer?
Give me all breeds of the German Shepherd dog.
Which cities does the Weser flow through?
Which countries are connected by the Rhine?
Which professional surfers were born in Australia?
What is the average temperature on Hawaii?
In which UK city are the headquarters of the MI6?
Who created Goofy?
Was the Cuban Missile Crisis earlier than the Bay of Pigs Invasion?
Give me all islands that belong to Japan.
Who invented the zipper?
What is the ruling party in Lisbon?
What are the nicknames of San Francisco?
Which Greek goddesses dwelt on Mount Olympus?
When were the Hells Angels founded?
Give me all Apollo 14 astronauts.
What is the time zone of Salt Lake City?
Which U.S. states are in the same time zone as Utah?
Give me the capitals of all countries in Africa.
Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark.
How many missions does the Soyuz programme have?
Did Socrates influence Aristotle?
Give me all Danish movies.
Give me all launch pads operated by NASA.
Which instruments does Cat Stevens play?
Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin?
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?
How many employees does Google have?
Did Tesla win a nobel prize in physics?
Give me all cities in New Jersey with more than 100000 inhabitants.
Is Rita Wilson the wife of Tom Hanks?
When was the Statue of Liberty built?
Where is Fort Knox located?
How many children did Benjamin Franklin have?
When did Michael Jackson die?
Which Chess players died in the same place they were born in?
List the children of Margaret Thatcher.
Who was called Frank The Tank?
Was Margaret Thatcher a chemist?
Was Marc Chagall a jew?
Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch?
Give me all books by William Goldman with more than 300 pages.
Which books by Kerouac were published by Viking Press?
Give me a list of all American inventions.
How high is the Mount Everest?
Who created Batman?
How many people live in the capital of Australia?
What is the largest city in Australia?
Who composed the music for Harold and Maude?
Which films starring Clint Eastwood did he direct himself?
In which city was the former Dutch queen Juliana buried?
Is Egypts largest city also its capital?
Where is the residence of the prime minister of Spain?
Which U.S. state has the abbreviation MN?
Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990.
Which movies did Kurosawa direct?
What is the founding year of the brewery that produces Pilsner Urquell?
Who wrote the lyrics for the Polish national anthem?
Give me all B-sides of the Ramones.
Who painted The Storm on the Sea of Galilee?
Which country does the creator of Miffy come from?
For which label did Elvis record his first album?
Give me the birthdays of all actors of the television show Charmed.
Which states border Illinois?
In which country is the Limerick Lake?
Which television shows were created by John Cleese?
Which mountain is the highest after the Annapurna?
In which films directed by Garry Marshall was Julia Roberts starring?
Which bridges are of the same type as the Manhattan Bridge?
Was U.S. president Jackson involved in a war?
Give me all communist countries.
Which awards did Douglas Hofstadter win?
Who is the daughter of Robert Kennedy married to?
Which U.S. state has the highest population density?
What is the currency of the Czech Republic?
Which countries adopted the Euro?
What is the area code of Berlin?
Which countries have more than two official languages?
Who is the owner of Rolls-Royce?
Through which countries does the Yenisei river flow?
When did Latvia join the EU?
Which politicians were married to a German?
When was the Battle of Gettysburg?
Which river does the Brooklyn Bridge cross?
What is the highest mountain in Australia?
Give me all soccer clubs in Spain.
What is the official language of Suriname?
Who is the mayor of Tel Aviv?
Who designed the Brooklyn Bridge?
Which telecommunications organizations are located in Belgium?
Is Frank Herbert still alive?
What is the highest place of the Urals?
Who is the editor of Forbes?
Give me all companies in the advertising industry.
How many countries are there in Europe?
What did Bruce Carver die from?
Give me all libraries established earlier than 1400.
Which presidents were born in 1945?
Give me all federal chancellors of Germany.
Who was the wife of U.S. president Lincoln?
Who developed the video game World of Warcraft?
What is the official website of Tom Cruise?
List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos.
Who produced the most films?
Give me all people with first name Jimmy.
In which city did John F. Kennedy die?
Is there a video game called Battle Chess?
Which mountains are higher than the Nanga Parbat?
Who created Wikipedia?
Give me all actors starring in Last Action Hero.
Which software has been developed by organizations founded in California?
Which companies work in the aerospace industry as well as in medicine?
Is Christian Bale starring in Velvet Goldmine?
Give me the websites of companies with more than 500000 employees.
Which actors were born in Germany?
Which caves have more than 3 entrances?
Was the wife of president Lincoln called Mary?
Give me all films produced by Hal Roach.
Give me all video games published by Mean Hamster Software.
Which languages are spoken in Estonia?
How many Aldi stores are there?
Which capitals in Europe were host cities of the summer olympic games?
Who was the 16th president of the United States?
How many films did Hal Roach produce?
Which music albums contain the song Last Christmas?
Give me all books written by Danielle Steel.
Which airports are located in California, USA?
Which states of Germany are governed by the Social Democratic Party?
Give me all Canadian Grunge record labels.
Which country has the most official languages?
In which programming language is GIMP written?
Who produced films starring Natalie Portman?
Give me all movies with Tom Cruise.
In which films did Julia Roberts as well as Richard Gere play?
Give me all female given names.
Who wrote the book The Pillars of the Earth?
How many films did Leonardo DiCaprio star in?
Give me all soccer clubs in the Premier League.
In which U.S. state is Mount McKinley located?
When was Jack Wolfskin founded?
Which organizations were founded in 1930?
What is the highest mountain?
Was Natalie Portman born in the United States?
Which budget did the first movie of Zdenek Sverak have?
How many big fires struck Paris during the Middle Ages?
Is Pamela Anderson a vegan?
How often was Michael Jordan divorced?
What is the most beautiful painting?
Give me all animal species that live in the Amazon rainforest.
How many inhabitants does the largest city in Canada have?
In which studio did the Beatles record their first album?
Who was the first to climb Mount Everest?
How many programming languages are there?
What is the official color of the University of Oxford?
How many gold medals did Michael Phelps win at the 2008 Olympics?
To which artistic movement did the painter of The Three Dancers belong?
Give me all animals that are extinct.
Does Abraham Lincoln's death place have a website?
How deep is Lake Chiemsee?
Give me the grandchildren of Elvis Presley.
Who is the youngest Darts player?
Where was Bach born?
In which countries can you pay using the West African CFA franc?
What are the top-10 action role-playing video games according to IGN?
What is the most frequent cause of death?
Does the Isar flow into a lake?
Give me all films produced by Steven Spielberg with a budget of at least $80 million.
Give me all writers that won the Nobel Prize in literature.
Give me all taikonauts.
How many pages does War and Peace have?
What is the bridge with the longest span?
Give me all actors called Baldwin.
Who is the tallest player of the Atlanta Falcons?
Which rivers flow into a German lake?
How many James Bond movies are there?
Which rockets were launched from Baikonur?
Which pope succeeded John Paul II?
Give me all Dutch parties.
When is Halloween?
Give me all Swedish oceanographers.
Give me all actors who were born in Berlin.
What was the last movie with Alec Guinness?
Which poet wrote the most books?
How many languages are spoken in Colombia?
What does ICRO stand for?
What was Brazil's lowest rank in the FIFA World Ranking?
Give me the capitals of all countries that the Himalayas run through.
Which actor played Chewbacca?
Which ingredients do I need for carrot cake?
Is Cola a beverage?
Who has Tom Cruise been married to?
Which of Tim Burton's films had the highest budget?
How heavy is Jupiter's lightest moon?
Which actor was casted in the most movies?
Is James Bond married?
Give me all Australian metalcore bands.
Give me all actors who were born in Paris after 1950.
When was Olof Palme shot?
Who are the four youngest MVP basketball players?
Which companies have more than 1 million employees?
Give all swimmers that were born in Moscow.
Who was called Rodzilla?
Show me the book that Muhammad Ali wrote.
How many museums does Paris have?
Which city has the most inhabitants?
Which city has the least inhabitants?
Give me all the TV shows with Neil Patrick Harris.
Who wrote The Hunger Games?
Show a list of soccer clubs that play in the Bundesliga.
What country is Mount Everest in?
Who is the founder of Penguin Books?
Which programming languages influenced Javascript?
Did Che Guevara have children?
List all the musicals with music by Leonard Bernstein.
Show me all the breweries in Australia.
When was the Titanic completed?
How much did Pulp Fiction cost?
How many airlines are there?
Who played Agent Smith in Matrix?
How much carbs does peanut butter have?
Which book has the most pages?
Which bridges cross the Seine?
Who is the mayor of the capital of French Polynesia?
When did Dracula's creator die?
What is the location of the Houses of Parliament?
Show me all English Gothic buildings in Kent.
Who was the pope that founded the Vatican Television?
What airlines are part of the SkyTeam alliance?
What is the total population of Melbourne, Florida?
Which airports does Yeti Airlines serve?
In which year was Rachel Stevens born?
Where was JFK assassinated?
How many politicians graduated from Columbia University?
Which scientist is known for the Manhattan Project and the Nobel Peace Prize?
What is the highest volcano in Africa?
Which beer originated in Ireland?
What are the specialities of the UNC Health Care?
Who is the owner of Facebook?
From which region is the Melon de Bourgogne?
Who was influenced by Socrates?
Who was president of Pakistan in 1978?
Give me English actors starring in Lovesick.
Give me all types of eating disorders.
Who was married to president Chirac?
What is the largest metropolitan area in Washington state?
Where in France is sparkling wine produced?
Where did Hillel Slovak die?
What is the timezone in San Pedro de Atacama?
In which city does the Chile Route 68 end?
Give me all ESA astronauts.
Give me all Swedish holidays.
Who is the youngest Pulitzer Prize winner?
Which animals are critically endangered?
Which soccer players were born on Malta?
Did Arnold Schwarzenegger attend a university?
Which programming languages were influenced by Perl?
Is Barack Obama a democrat?
How many children does Eddie Murphy have?
Who is the oldest child of Meryl Streep?
Who killed John Lennon?
Which frequent flyer program has the most airlines?
In which city is Air China headquartered?
Which artists were born on the same date as Rachel Stevens?
How many scientists graduated from an Ivy League university?
Which types of grapes grow in Oregon?
Who is starring in Spanish movies produced by Benicio del Toro?
Who is the manager of Real Madrid?
Give me the currency of China.
Which movies starring Mickey Rourke were directed by Guy Ritchie?
How many companies were founded by the founder of Facebook?
How many companies were founded in the same year as Google?
Which subsidiary of TUI Travel serves both Glasgow and Dublin?
How many airlines are members of the Star Alliance?
Give me all spacecrafts that flew to Mars.
Which musician wrote the most books?
Show me everyone who was born on Halloween.
Give me all Swiss non-profit organizations.
In which country is Mecca located?
What is the net income of Apple?
What does the abbreviation FIFA stand for?
When did the Ming dynasty dissolve?
Which museum in New York has the most visitors?
Is Lake Baikal bigger than the Great Bear Lake?
Desserts from which country contain fish?
What is the highest mountain in Italy?
Where did the architect of the Eiffel Tower study?
Which Greek parties are pro-European?
What is the height difference between Mount Everest and K2?
Who is the mayor of Rotterdam?
In which city were the parents of Che Guevara born?
How high is the lighthouse in Colombo?
Are Taiko a kind of Japanese musical instruments?
How many ethnic groups live in Slovenia?
List the seven kings of Rome.
Who were the parents of Queen Victoria?
Who is the heaviest player of the Chicago Bulls?
Which volcanos in Japan erupted since 2000?